The Academy has a second half.
p02
Click in from the rail and you land on the same learner dashboard as last lesson,
p03
with the Academy running its own sidebar instead of the platform rail.
p04
Today we go past the learner pages, into the group underneath.
p05
Read both sidebar groups first.
p06
The top one holds the learner pages you already know.
p07
Below it sits Admin, four doors:
p08
the dashboard, users and enrollment, course management, and reports.
p09
One naming note.
p10
The learning plan says LMS Administration, the sidebar says Admin,
p11
and the screen always wins.
p12
Open Admin Dashboard.
p13
The subtitle states the job plainly: manage training across your organization.
p14
Up in the header sits an Enroll Users button.
p15
Find it, remember where it lives, and leave it alone.
p16
On this shared tenant, enrolling someone creates a real training record.
p17
Five tiles across the top.
p18
Nineteen learners active this month.
p19
A twenty six percent completion rate across one hundred eighty six enrollments,
p20
with nine hours forty six minutes of average time spent.
p21
And forty nine items overdue, flagged action needed.
p22
That last tile is where every rollout conversation starts.
p23
Scroll to the completion heatmap.
p24
All nineteen courses against all twenty five users.
p25
Take the top row.
p26
Getting Started with WashCentral:
p27
six finished, seven in progress, six overdue, six never began, twenty four percent complete.
p28
One glance per course tells you where a crew's training actually stands.
p29
Three admin actions live on this page.
p30
Enroll Users in the header, then Manage, then New Announcement.
p31
Each one either creates training records or sends a message to real people.
p32
So today they get located and named, never opened for use.
p33
That restraint is half the lesson.
p34
Second door, Users and Enrollment.
p35
Twenty five learners.
p36
Twenty seven percent average completion on required courses,
p37
and seventeen people carrying something overdue.
p38
Fully compliant reads zero.
p39
Nobody on this tenant has finished everything required of them yet,
p40
and that is this page's headline.
p41
Read one row of the table.
p42
Marcus Johnson, a general manager in Fort Lauderdale,
p43
three of seven required courses done, overdue, last active a month ago.
p44
Required progress against status is your per person compliance read.
p45
His row also offers Assign Course.
p46
Not on the demo.
p47
Third door, Course Management.
p48
Three sections stack down the page:
p49
the courses themselves, the learning paths that chain them, and the certifications.
p50
A New Course button and an Import control sit in the toolbar, and both stay untouched.
p51
This is the page where the library gets shaped.
p52
Look at the first course card.
p53
Twenty five enrolled, twenty four percent complete, an average score of seventy eight.
p54
A publish toggle reads On, with four controls beside it: settings, edit, preview, learners.
p55
Flip that toggle and a course disappears for real staff.
p56
So it stays exactly where it is.
p57
Last door, Reports and Compliance.
p58
Seven report tabs run across the top, completion overview through scheduled reports.
p59
The tiles repeat the dashboard's story,
p60
one eighty six enrollments, twenty six percent complete, forty nine overdue,
p61
plus an eighty one percent average quiz score.
p62
When two pages agree on the numbers, you can quote them.
p63
Stay on the overview and scroll.
p64
A year of completions charted, then the two tables a client review runs on.
p65
By location: Fort Lauderdale, five users, forty four enrollments,
p66
twelve complete, thirteen overdue.
p67
By course: Getting Started, twenty five enrolled, six complete,
p68
about two hours of time spent apiece.
p69
The learning plan promised this page, and it is live.
p70
Four pages, four jobs.
p71
The dashboard for the org wide read.
p72
Users and Enrollment for the per person truth.
p73
Course Management for the levers.
p74
Reports and Compliance for the numbers a client review needs.
p75
You reached all four from the sidebar, and you changed nothing along the way.